Huyen Quan, what does this mean?
It is clear that she helped you today.
It's not that simple.
Do as I say.
It's me, arrange a prayer check.
The rest.
It's obviously the King of Quang Lang.
Not just kneeling down.
They force you to spend all your family's money.
That's outrageous.
Yuan Tuan
Yuan Joon, your wound is not mild.
Or I'll take you to the hospital first.
Boss.
As for your second brother, don't be too careful.
You are afraid to go to the North.
The second brother now has high power.
And who doesn't flatter him?
You two are at the peak of power.
Doing something wrong is inevitable.
Killing King Quang Lang was not just a mistake.
This is the name.
I'm a little tired.
Let's stop it today.
I will continue to pursue this issue.
Sister, go back and rest early.
Lord, I will reduce the profits for others to liquidate according to your request.
But now the evidence isn't enough.
Handle others 13 rounds
Don't worry, wait for me to investigate.
I will definitely give you a satisfactory explanation.
Turn the crowd into chaos.
Don't blame me for putting pressure on you.
Hope you don't disappoint me.